Movie Trivia Questions and Answers

q: Which horror film series features a murderous doll possessed by a serial killer, who goes on a murderous rampage?
a: Child's Play with Chucky as the doll

q: Which was the last feature film of screen legend Paul Newman, which was also the highest grossing movie of his career?
a: Cars (2006)

q: What is Captain Jack Sparrow's key catch-phrase in all the Pirates of the Caribbean films?
a: Savvy?

q: Which is the first movie in the James Bond film franchise?
a: Dr. No (1962)

q: Which is Angelina Jolie's first and least discussed film?
a: Cyborg 2 (1993)

q: Which British actor has adopted a unique voice or accent for each character he has played? (Hint: He is a supporting character in a famous super-hero film series)
a: Gary Oldman, he plays Jim Gordon in the Batman franchise

q: Name the voices of the Furious Five kung fu masters from the Kung Fu Panda 2 movie.
a: Monkey - Jackie Chan; Crane - David Cross; Tigress - Angelina Jolie; Viper - Lucy Liu; Mantis - Seth Rogen

q: Which movie of Christian's Bale involved him taking up crash dieting, smoking, and losing 63 pounds to look the part of a emaciated, depressed, and sickened mechanic?
a: The Machinist (2004)

q: Which horror movie protagonist's look is based on a painting "Scream" by Edvard Munch?
a: The serial killer "Ghost face" from the Scream film franchise

q: Which Coen Brothers cult classic film features the principal character hanging out at a bowling alley all the time, but the character never actually bowls?
a: The Big Lebowski (1998)

q: In the Harry Potter film franchise, what does the Hogwarts motto "Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus" mean?
a: Never tickle a sleeping dragon

q: Johnny Depp plays a famous Scottish playwright in the movie "Finding Neverland". Name that playwright.
a: J. M. Barrie

q: In the Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King, the main servant of Sauron, the Witch-King of Angmar is so fearsome, no mortal man can kill him. How does he die in the Battle of the Pelennor Fields?
a: He is killed by a woman (Eowyn), with help from a Hobbit (Merry)

q: Here's looking at you, kid!
a: Casablanca (1942)

q: I'll get you, my pretty, and your little dog too!
a: The Wizard of Oz (1939)

q: He won't come after me. He won't. I can't explain it. He would consider that ... rude.
a: The Silence of the Lambs (1991)

q: Didn't I kill you already?
a: Hellboy (2004)

q: Look how they massacred my boy.
a: The Godfather (1972)

q: I'm walking here! I'm walking here!
a: Midnight Cowboy (1969)

q: You had me at 'hello'!
a: Jerry Maguire (1996)

